sql-statement: improve consistency, fix small errors (#3585)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-commit.md

## MySQL compatibility

> * By default, TiDB 3.0 and above uses [Pessimistic Locking](/pessimistic-transaction.md). When using [Optimistic Locking](/optimistic-transaction.md), it is important to consider that a `COMMIT` statement may fail because rows have been modified by another transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, TiDB 3.0.8 and later versions use [Pessimistic Locking](/pessimistic-transaction.md). When using [Optimistic Locking](/optimistic-transaction.md), it is important to consider that a `COMMIT` statement might fail because rows have been modified by another transaction.
```

> * By default, `UNIQUE` and `PRIMARY KEY` constraint checks are deferred until statement commit. This improves performance because checks are batched, but may result in compatibility issues for applications not expecting a commit statement to fail. This behavior can be changed by setting `tidb_constraint_check_in_place=TRUE`.

Reviewer 2: I'm pretty sure constraint checks are deferred only in optimistic transaction/locking mode. This should be made more clear throughout the documentation.

```
mysql> select @@tidb_constraint_check_in_place;
+----------------------------------+
| @@tidb_constraint_check_in_place |
+----------------------------------+
| 0                                |
+----------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> begin pessimistic;
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)

mysql> INSERT INTO users (username) VALUES ('jane'), ('chris'), ('bill');
ERROR 1062 (23000): Duplicate entry 'bill' for key 'username'
mysql> rollback;
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)

mysql> begin optimistic;
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)

mysql> INSERT INTO users (username) VALUES ('jane'), ('chris'), ('bill');
Query OK, 3 rows affected (0.00 sec)
Records: 3  Duplicates: 0  Warnings: 0

mysql> commit;
ERROR 1062 (23000): Duplicate entry 'bill' for key 'username'
```

Author: Thanks, there are a few places that will need editing.

> * When Optimistic Locking is enabled, `UNIQUE` and `PRIMARY KEY` constraint checks are deferred until statement commit. This results in additional situations where a a `COMMIT` statement may fail. This behavior can be changed by setting `tidb_constraint_check_in_place=TRUE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When Optimistic Locking is enabled, `UNIQUE` and `PRIMARY KEY` constraint checks are deferred until statement commit. This results in additional situations where a a `COMMIT` statement might fail. This behavior can be changed by setting `tidb_constraint_check_in_place=TRUE`.
```

> * When Pessimistic Locking is enabled, `UNIQUE` and `PRIMARY KEY` constraint checks are deferred until statement commit. This results in additional situations where a a `COMMIT` statement may fail. This behavior can be changed by setting `tidb_constraint_check_in_place=TRUE`.

Reviewer 2: I think you mean "Optimistic Locking" in this line, no?

Author: Yep. Fixed.
